[polaris.shopify.com] Add design guidance for typography (#7027)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/foundations/design/typography/index.md

---

![An illustration of letters constructed from lego blocks](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-featured@2x.png)

## Principles

> ![A series of three illustrations representing the principles make it readable, make it adaptable, reinforce the message](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-principles@2x.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![A series of three illust;lkjd;lafkj;akdljf;aiples make it readable, make it adaptable, reinforce the message](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-principles@2x.png)
```
